Create a Helm Chart for Rafter and its services (#13)
kyma-project/rafter: hack/charts/rafter-asyncapi-service/README.md

| Parameter | Description | Default |
| --- | ---| ---|
| `image.repository` | Rafter AsyncAPI service image repository. | `eu.gcr.io/kyma-project/rafter`  |
| `image.tag` | Rafter AsyncAPI service image tag. | `{TAG_NAME}` |
| `image.pullPolicy` | Rafter AsyncAPI service image pull policy. | `IfNotPresent` |
| `nameOverride` | String to partially override `rafterAsyncAPIService.name` template with a string (will prepend the release name). | `nil` |
| `fullnameOverride` | String to fully override `rafterAsyncAPIService.fullname` template with a string. | `nil` |
| `deployment.labels` | Custom labels for the `Deployment`. | `{}` |
| `deployment.annotations` | Custom annotations for the `Deployment`. | `{}` |
| `deployment.replicas` | Number of nodes. | `1` |
| `deployment.extraProperties` | Extra properties injected in the `Deployment`. | `{}` |
| `pod.labels` | Custom labels for the `Pod`. | `{}` |
| `pod.annotations` | Custom annotations for the `Pod`. | `{}` |
| `pod.extraProperties` | Extra properties injected in the `Pod`. | `{}` |
| `pod.extraContainerProperties` | Extra properties injected in the container. | `{}` |

> | `service.name` | `Service` name. If not set a name is generated using the `rafterAsyncAPIService.fullname` template. | `nil` |

Author: And here we have a conflict with naming convention. Service is also a k8s resource and here we want to use Service, and then people reading docs probably will have a problem with understanding what appropriate flag means: our service (app) or k8s service?

> **TIP:** To list all releases, use `helm list`.

### Uninstall the chart

To uninstall the `rafter-release` deployment:

``` bash
helm delete rafter-release
```

That command removes all the Kubernetes components associated with the chart and deletes the release.

### Configuration

The following table lists the configurable parameters of the AsyncAPI Service chart and their default values.

| Parameter | Description | Default |
| --- | ---| ---|
| `image.repository` | AsyncAPI Service image repository | `eu.gcr.io/kyma-project/rafter` |
| `image.tag` | AsyncAPI Service image tag | `{TAG_NAME}` |
| `image.pullPolicy` | Pull policy for the AsyncAPI Service image | `IfNotPresent` |
| `nameOverride` | String that partially overrides the `rafterAsyncAPIService.name` template | `nil` |
| `fullnameOverride` | String that fully overrides the `rafterAsyncAPIService.fullname` template | `nil` |
| `deployment.labels` | Custom labels for the Deployment | `{}` |
| `deployment.annotations` | Custom annotations for the Deployment | `{}` |

> | `deployment.replicas` | Number of service nodes | `1` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `deployment.replicas` | Number of AsyncAPI service nodes | `1` |
```

| `deployment.extraProperties` | Additional properties injected in the Deployment | `{}` |
| `pod.labels` | Custom labels for the Pod | `{}` |
| `pod.annotations` | Custom annotations for the Pod | `{}` |
| `pod.extraProperties` | Additional properties injected in the Pod | `{}` |
| `pod.extraContainerProperties` | Additional properties injected in the container | `{}` |

> | `service.name` | Service name. If not set, it is generated using the `rafterAsyncAPIService.fullname` template | `nil` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `service.name` | Service name. If not set, it is generated using the `rafterAsyncAPIService.fullname` template. | `nil` |
```

| `service.type` | Service type | `ClusterIP` |
| `service.port.name` |  Name of the Service port | `http` |
| `service.port.external` | Port on which the Service is exposed in Kubernetes | `80` |

> | `service.port.internal` | Internal port of the Service in Pod | `3000` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `service.port.internal` | Internal port of the Service in the Pod | `3000` |
```

| `serviceMonitor.name` | ServiceMonitor resource that the Prometheus Operator uses. If not set and the `serviceMonitor.create` parameter is set to `true`, the name is generated using the `rafterAsyncAPIService.fullname` template. If not set and `serviceMonitor.create` is set to `false`, the name is set to `default` | `nil` |
| `serviceMonitor.scrapeInterval` | Scrape interval for the ServiceMonitor custom resource | `30s` |
| `serviceMonitor.labels` | Custom labels for the ServiceMonitor custom resource | `{}` |
| `serviceMonitor.annotations` | Custom annotations for the ServiceMonitor custom resource | `{}` |
| `envs.host` | AsyncAPI Service host | `0.0.0.0` |
| `envs.verbose` | Parameter that defines if logs from the AsyncAPI Service should be visible | `true` |

Specify each parameter using the `--set key=value[,key=value]` argument for `helm install`. See this example:

``` bash
helm install --name rafter-release \
  --set serviceMonitor.create=true,serviceMonitor.name="rafter-service-monitor" \
    incubator/rafter-asyncapi-service
```

That command installs the release with the `rafter-service-monitor` name for the ServiceMonitor custom resource.

> Alternatively, you can provide a YAML file while installing the chart to specify the values for the mentioned parameters. See this example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, provide a YAML file while installing the chart to specify the values for the mentioned parameters. See this example:
```

``` bash
helm install --name rafter-release -f values.yaml incubator/rafter-asyncapi-service
```

> **TIP:** You can also use the default [values.yaml](./values.yaml).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

### Template values.yaml

> You can template `values.yaml` for the AsyncAPI Service chart, using such Helm variables as `.Chart.*`, or `.Values.*`. See this example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can template `values.yaml` for the AsyncAPI Service chart using such Helm variables as `.Chart.*`, or `.Values.*`. See this example:
```

| `serviceMonitor.scrapeInterval` | Scrape interval for the ServiceMonitor custom resource | `30s` |
| `serviceMonitor.labels` | Custom labels for the ServiceMonitor custom resource | `{}` |
| `serviceMonitor.annotations` | Custom annotations for the ServiceMonitor custom resource | `{}` |
| `envs.host` | AsyncAPI Service host | `0.0.0.0` |
| `envs.verbose` | Parameter that defines if logs from the AsyncAPI Service should be visible | `true` |

Specify each parameter using the `--set key=value[,key=value]` argument for `helm install`. See this example:

``` bash
helm install --name rafter-release \
  --set serviceMonitor.create=true,serviceMonitor.name="rafter-service-monitor" \
    incubator/rafter-asyncapi-service
```

That command installs the release with the `rafter-service-monitor` name for the ServiceMonitor custom resource.

Alternatively, use the default values in [values.yaml](./values.yaml) or provide a YAML file while installing the chart to specify the values for configurable parameters. See this example:

``` bash
helm install --name rafter-release -f values.yaml incubator/rafter-asyncapi-service
```

### Template values.yaml

> You can template `values.yaml` for the AsyncAPI Service chart using such Helm variables as `.Chart.*`, or `.Values.*`. See this example:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `values.yaml` for the AsyncAPI Service chart can serve as a template. Use such Helm variables as `.Chart.*`, or `.Values.*`. See this example:
```
I could not find the word 'template` as a verb. What do you think about the above version?

``` yaml
pod:
  annotations:
    sidecar.istio.io/inject: "false"
    recreate: "{{ .Release.Time.Seconds }}"
``` 

### Change values for `envs.*` parameters

> All `envs.*` parameters have possibility to define their values as object, so parameters can be provided as inline `value` or `valueFrom` object. For example:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Values for all `envs.*` parameters can be defined as objects. You can provide the parameters as an inline `value` or `valueFrom` object. See the following example:
```
